What is Dockerfile ?

     A Dockerfile is a text file that contains a set of instructions for building a Docker image. 
     It automates the process of creating containerized applications by specifying everything required, 
     such as the base image, dependencies, configurations, and commands to run.

Explaining we used Dockerfile :-

    # 1. Use an official base image with Java 17
    FROM openjdk:17-jdk-slim
    
    #information about who maintains image
    MAINTAINER swedishbank.com

    #there is jar inside target/in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar open that jar and copy it in docker image
    COPY target/in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
  
    #it is like the command using which we statting the accounts service using commandline
    ENTRYPOINT [ "java", "-jar", "in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar" ]

    explanation :-

     1). Use an official base image with Java 17
         FROM openjdk:17-jdk-slim

        The FROM instruction specifies the base image.
        openjdk:17-jdk-slim is a lightweight version of OpenJDK 17, reducing the image size while keeping Java functionalities.


     2). Information about who maintains the image
         MAINTAINER swedishbank.com

         This MAINTAINER instruction specifies the creator or maintainer of the image.

     3). Copy the JAR file from the host machine into the Docker image
         COPY target/in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

         COPY copies files from the host machine (the system where Docker is running) to the Docker image.
         target/in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar is the compiled Spring Boot application JAR file generated from the target/ folder.
         The copied JAR file is placed inside the Docker image with the same name.

     4). Define the command to start the Spring Boot application
         ENTRYPOINT [ "java", "-jar", "in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar" ]

         The ENTRYPOINT instruction specifies the command that runs when the container starts.
         
         java -jar in.Accounts-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
         This command starts the Spring Boot application inside the container.




